Add and update issue templates (#265)
EXASOL/sqlalchemy-exasol: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug.md

---
name: 🐞 Bug Report 
about: File a bug report 
title: 🐞 <Insert Title> 
labels: bug
assignees: ''

---

### Checklist
In order to improve the time, how long a bugfix does take, please make sure you address as much as possible of the following checklist.

- [ ] I have reproduced the issue with at least the latest released version of \<PROJECT-NAME\>.
- [ ] I have added references to issues that sound similar.

**Tip: Adding screenshots, outputs and logs help to improve clarity.**

# Summary
<!---
Describe the bug: A clear and concise description of what the bug is.
-->

## Reproducing the Issue

> 

Reviewer: Do you prefer headings with or without empty line after the heading?

Reproducibility: <pick one of> sporadic, regularly, always
<!---
Describe how to reproduce the bug, e.g.:
1. Go to '...'
2. Click on '....'
3. Scroll down to '....'
4. See error
-->
### Steps to reproduce the behavior:
1. <step 1> 
2. <step 2>
3. ....

## Expected Behaviour
<!---
Describe the expected behaviour: A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen.
-->

## Actual Behaviour
<!---

> Describe the actual observed behaviour: A clear and concise description of what you actually to happen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Describe the actual observed behaviour: A clear and concise description of what you actually observed to happen.
```

Screenshot: If applicable, add screenshots to help explain your problem.
-->

## Root Cause (optional)
<!---
If known
-->

## Context
<!---

> Describe the actual observed behaviour: A clear and concise description of what you observed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Describe the context of the observed behavior: A clear and concise description of what appears relevant to you.
```
